EWS-365 - Fixed an issue of access denied error (#11493)
demisto/content: Packs/EWS/ReleaseNotes/1_7_9.md

#### Integrations
##### EWS O365

> - Fixed an issue where the command **ews-move-item-between-mailboxes** failed due to access denied error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***ews-move-item-between-mailboxes*** command would fail due to an access denied error.
```
